Using HTML and Javascript, and CSS.

I am making a 2d game entirely in a <canvas> tag. The canvas tag must fill the entire browser window with no border or gaps, and must resize to the size of the window.

Also it will be accessed on mobile so please take necessary precautions for example: no scroll bars.

Gameplay:
You control the character in middle, and the top down camera translation moves in a smooth motion to the x, and y of the main player.

Controls:
Because it is supposed to work on mobile, there should be a track pad graphic that's drawn into the canvas on the bottom, where the mouse press and hold (which i think is activated when on mobile you touch and drag) Please make this track pad graphic show the direction the player is dragging in a stylized way in a smooth way.  And have it fade out if no input is given.
(touch mouse drag, or keypad presses, oh and also arrow keys can be used to move the main player)

Entity Management system:
The player itself would probably be the first entity added to the global "entities" array which contains all the active entities.
There are enemy entities that spawn periodically and move towards the player entity.
Make the entity objects all have x,y, values so we know where to draw their sprites, 
And an entity type flag that tells them to move in unique ways.
And every entity also has a health value.
The enemies should spawn once every couple seconds and move towards the player,
And some enemy types take like a spiral path towards the enemy.

User Interface:
When the player has not inputted commands in a second or two, the UI buttons which the 4 buttons for each corner of the screen fade into view so that they can be clicked.
All buttons can be no-select and highlight disabled divs sitting on top of the main <canvas>

To load the sprites, each sprite is defined by a string array of base 64 strings that represent a png file that is one frame for that sprite.  The size of the sprite is set by the dimensions of the first sprite frame.
Please show me where to add these base 64 strings in your implementation.

The entire game is going to be like Vampire Survivor game mechanics, so please once every 45 seconds show a pop up screen where three powerups are displayed in a stylized beautiful way (this could be a no-select, highlight disabled div that appears on top of the main <canvas> ) and when the powerup is selected it disappears in a smooth way and the game resumes.

Please consolidate this program in one index.html file.
 